                                                       ┌───────────────────────┐
                                                       ▄▄▄▄▄ ▄▄▄▄▄ ▄▄▄▄▄       │
                                                       │ █   █ █ █ █   █       │
                                                       │ █   █ █ █ █▀▀▀▀       │
                                                       │ █   █   █ █     ▄     │
                                                       │                 ▄▄▄▄▄ │
                                                       │                 █   █ │
                                                       │                 █   █ │
                                                       │                 █▄▄▄█ │
                                                       │                 ▄   ▄ │
                                                       │                 █   █ │
                                                       │                 █   █ │
                                                       │                 █▄▄▄█ │
                                                       │                 ▄▄▄▄▄ │
                                                       │                   █   │
Intro                                                  │                   █   │
~ tmp.0ut Staff                                        └───────────────────█ ──┘

Despite being so connected and surveilled, it's never felt harder to communicate
with others and learn new things. Good information is becoming more difficult to 
find. There are a lot of incentives to keep people from the knowledge they seek, 
from sharing their perspectives, and from building community. The powers that be
want to put us into more walled gardens. They want to make more decisions for us 
and how we use the internet and our computers. Regardless of these efforts, an
undeniable fact remains:

Hacking is a survival skill.

Your instincts to take things apart and study them is what led you here. Your 
instincts to make things work for you will lead you forward. The more we can 
learn about how things actually work, who seeks to gain from keeping us in the 
dark, and the ways that we can shine a light, the better off the world will be.

It can feel overwhelming to try and approach all of this head on as one person.
So how do we actually Do Something? The way we always have: By getting hands on.

Don't be afraid to get your hands dirty! Recreate a virus, an exploit PoC, or a 
system component. Single step through your programs, or even the kernel. Look up
what you don't know. Listen to stories told by others. Share what you learn.
Challenge your own assumptions. See how you can apply this thinking to other 
things too.

We shouldn't expect ourselves to solve every problem, but instead work on our 
own "patch" that makes things a little better than they were before. You have 
a lot more influence and power than you realize.

All of this can be quite exhausting! Just because something is difficult, it 
doesn't mean it has to stay that way. Ask yourself what is hard about what you
are doing, and how you can make it easier. Often times the simplest solution is
the best.

We are still learning these things ourselves. To be honest, we didn't expect our
little zine to make it to a third issue, and with almost 30 submissions to boot.
We all got overwhelmed by the gravity of releasing a third issue, juggling life
and our own mental health. Thankfully our team is incredibly supportive of each
other. We were able to kick ourselves into gear and create a plan of action that
would work for us long term.

What began as niche ramblings and reminiscing about bygone eras in an IRC chan 
somewhere has turned into an ecosystem of hackers eager to learn, create, and 
explore. This particular release represents a lot of time, effort, and patience,
powered by a sense of shared responsibility for the success of this project by 
our staff and community at large.

The papers in tmp.0ut represent many perspectives. Some are explorations of new 
topics, while others expand on previously established knowledge. We hope that at
least one of these papers inspires you to learn something you never thought you
would know about, and expand on this work to move the state of the art forward. 

Thank you very much for reading!

~ tmp.0ut Staff

